Updating some errors. (#2255)
elixirschool/elixirschool: en/lessons/ecto/querying.md

### Fetching Records by ID

> We can use the `Repo.get/2` function to fetch a record from the database given its ID. This function requires two arguments: a "queryable" data structure and the ID of a record to retrieve from the database. It returns a struct describing the record found, if any. It returns `nil` if no such record is found.

Reviewer: The `Repo.get` function does in fact have an arity of three, see the docs here https://hexdocs.pm/ecto/Ecto.Repo.html#c:get/3. The third argument is optional and we're not using it in this example.

Author: yes, I know the arities of the function.
But the arity which the sample is using is 2 no?

Reviewer: Ah okay I see what you're saying. So, while its true that we're calling this function with only two arguments, when we refer to the official function as it is defined, we refer to the correct definition/API of that function. Does that make sense?

Author: I think don't make sense because the example are showed is with the two like the others and is confusing. I think is better to accordingly with the sample. But that's ok..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We can use the `Repo.get/3` function to fetch a record from the database given its ID. This function requires two arguments: a "queryable" data structure and the ID of a record to retrieve from the database. It returns a struct describing the record found, if any. It returns `nil` if no such record is found.
```

}
```

Notice that the first argument we give to `Repo.get/2` is our `Movie` module. `Movie` is "queryable" because the module uses the `Ecto.Schema` module and defines a schema for its data structure. This gives `Movie` access to the `Ecto.Queryable` protocol. This protocol converts a data structure into an `Ecto.Query`. Ecto queries are used to retrieve data from a repository. More on queries later.

### Fetching Records by Attribute

> We can also fetch records that meet a given criteria with the `Repo.get_by/2` function. This function requires two arguments: the "queryable" data structure and the clause with which we want to query. `Repo.get_by/2` returns a single result from the repository. Let's look at an example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We can also fetch records that meet a given criteria with the `Repo.get_by/3` function. This function requires two arguments: the "queryable" data structure and the clause with which we want to query. `Repo.get_by/3` returns a single result from the repository. Let's look at an example:
```

The good thing about macros is that they work very well with pipes:

```elixir

> iex> > Movie \ 

Reviewer: looks like theres an extra `>` after `iex>` here

Author: sorry was the copy and paste on my terminal..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
iex> Movie \ 
```

### Getting the First and Last Records

> We can fetch the first or last records from a repository using the `Ecto.Query.first/1` and `Ecto.Query.last/1` functions.

Reviewer: The `Ecto.Query.first` function does have an arity of two, see docs [here](https://hexdocs.pm/ecto/Ecto.Query.html#first/2). The second argument is optional and we're not using it in this example.

Author: So, shows the total number of arities, ok!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We can fetch the first or last records from a repository using the `Ecto.Query.first/2` and `Ecto.Query.last/2` functions.
```

We can fetch the first or last records from a repository using the `Ecto.Query.first/2` and `Ecto.Query.last/2` functions.

> First, we'll write a query expression using the `first/1` function:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, we'll write a query expression using the `first/2` function:
```

```elixir
iex> first(Movie)
#Ecto.Query<from m0 in Friends.Movie, order_by: [asc: m0.id], limit: 1>
```

> However, we will use the pipe with the function `Repo.one / 1` to obtain our result:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, we will use the pipe with the function `Repo.one/2` to obtain our result:
```

```elixir
iex> Movie \
...>  |> first \
...>  |> Repo.one

SELECT m0."id", m0."title", m0."tagline" FROM "movies" AS m0 ORDER BY m0."id" LIMIT 1 []
%Friends.Movie{
  __meta__: #Ecto.Schema.Metadata<:loaded, "movies">,
  actors: #Ecto.Association.NotLoaded<association :actors is not loaded>,
  characters: #Ecto.Association.NotLoaded<association :characters is not loaded>,
  distributor: #Ecto.Association.NotLoaded<association :distributor is not loaded>,
  id: 1,
  tagline: "Something about video game",
  title: "Ready Player One"
}
```

> The `Ecto.Query.last/1` function is used in the same way:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `Ecto.Query.last/2` function is used in the same way:
```

```elixir
iex> first(Movie)
#Ecto.Query<from m0 in Friends.Movie, order_by: [asc: m0.id], limit: 1>
```

> However, we will use the pipe with the function `Repo.one/2` to obtain our result:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then we pass our query to the `Repo.one/2` function to get our result:
```

```elixir

> iex> Movie \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
iex> Movie |> first() |> Repo.one()
```

> ...>  |> first \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ...>  |> Repo.one

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: This sample was just to show another way to pipe and for me I prefer. 
Sorry about to put something different on the original tutorial.

SELECT m0."id", m0."title", m0."tagline" FROM "movies" AS m0 ORDER BY m0."id" LIMIT 1 []
%Friends.Movie{
  __meta__: #Ecto.Schema.Metadata<:loaded, "movies">,
  actors: #Ecto.Association.NotLoaded<association :actors is not loaded>,
  characters: #Ecto.Association.NotLoaded<association :characters is not loaded>,
  distributor: #Ecto.Association.NotLoaded<association :distributor is not loaded>,
  id: 1,

>   tagline: "Something about video game",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  tagline: "Something about video games",
```
